Updating more nav for UI Refresh project (#2018)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/getting-started/building-your-first-project/build-your-first-models.md

## Checkout a new git branch

> 1. Click **Develop** from the top left of dbt Cloud. The master branch should now be set to read-only mode, so you'll need to create a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Develop** from the upper left of dbt Cloud. You need to create a new branch since the main branch is now set to read-only mode. 
```

Reviewer: suggs:
- style guide for UI location: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#location-of-ui-elements
- conciseness. switch to present tense

2. Click **Create branch**, and name your branch `add-customers-model`.
    <div style={{maxWidth: '400px'}}>
    <Lightbox src="/img/checkout-branch-dbt-cloud.png" title="Checkout a new branch" />
    </div>

## Build your first model

> 1. Click **Develop** from the top left of dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Develop** from the upper left of dbt Cloud.
```

2. Click the **...** next to the Models directory, then select **Create file**.  
3. Name the file `models/customers.sql`, then click **Create**.

> 4. Paste the following query into the file and click **Save File**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the following query into the file and click **Save File**.
```
